---
layout: post
title: Welcome to CSC!
featured-img: keyboard
author: Matt Perry
categories: [Lectures]
---

# Welcome

Hello everyone and welcome to the 2020-2021 year.
I am super excited to get the year started, our first lecture will be from Dylan and Bradely on an introduction to Linux and the command line. This is a lecture aimed at people of all skills, and look forward to the new and returning memebers. We are working hard to adjust to the purely virutal delivery via zoom. The first meeting will be held at 1pm on 9/11/20. The zoom link can be found [here]( https://alaska.zoom.us/j/91471178163?pwd=RFNJanBpdC83TDdhWEdqeGdNYmZpdz09)

# About
We are a student taught group and hope to build skills to compete in our yearly competitions. We are looking at three different competitions this year. These will include Hivestorm a sys admin secure the systems challenge, CSAW a capture the flag(CTF) style puzzle game, and CCDC a national competition of real life security challenges with active hackers attempting to break in to your corporations infrastructure.  

# Discord

Come on by the CSC discord [here](https://discord.gg/yA8TTrJ) 

We also have a section in the CS discord which can be joined [here](https://nookbot.katlyn.dev/) 

With the current state of university requirements of phase B reopening campus, we will not be meeting in person. In effort to include all students even those who decided to not be in Fairbanks this semester we will be commiting to a full semester of virutal meetings. 

If you have any questions you can reach out to me our our officer team on discord or by email.

We hope to see you this Saturday,  

Matt Perry, CSC President

mperry37@alaska.edu

